README.md, before:


## Hardware Requirements
SDRAM of any size is required.
32Mbyte SDRAM can only be used for games up to 16Mbyte in size.

## Bios
Rename your PIF ROM file (e.g. `pif.ntsc.rom` ) and place it in the `./games/N64/` folder as `boot.rom`

## Video output

Only HDMI supported for now.

## Error messages

If there is a recognized problem, an overlay is displayed, showing which error has occured.
Errors are hex encoded by bits, so the error code can represent more than 1 error.

List of Errors:
- Bit 0 - Memory access to unmapped area
- Bit 1 - CPU Instruction not implemented
- Bit 2 - CPU stall timeout
- Bit 3 - DDR3 timeout    
- Bit 4 - FPU internal exception    
- Bit 5 - PI error
- Bit 6 - critical Exception occured (heuristic, typically games crash when that happens, but can be false positive)
- Bit 7 - PIF used up all 64 bytes for external communication or EEPROM command have unusual length
- Bit 8 - RSP Instruction not implemented
- Bit 9 - RSP stall timeout
- Bit 10 - RDP command not implemented
- Bit 11 - RDP combine mode not implemented
- Bit 12 - RDP combine alpha functionality not implemented
- Bit 13 - SDRAM Mux timeout
- Bit 14 - not implemented texture mode is used
- Bit 15 - not implemented render mode (2 pass or copy) is used
- Bit 16 - RSP read Fifo overflow
- Bit 17 - DDR3 - RSP write Fifo overflow
- Bit 18 - RSP IMEM/DMEM write/read address collision detected
- Bit 19 - One fo the DDR3 requesters wants to write or read outside of RDRAM 
- Bit 20 - RSP DMA wants to write outside of RDRAM 
- Bit 21 - RDP pixel writeback wants to write outside of RDRAM
- Bit 22 - RDP Z writeback wants to write outside of RDRAM
- Bit 23 - RSP PC is modified by register access while RSP runs
- Bit 24 - VI line processing wasn't able to complete in time
- Bit 25 - RDP Mux missed request
- Bit 26 - CPU Writefifo full (should never happen, internal CPU logic bug)
  
## Status

work in progress

Commit message:

- CPU: implement cache command 5,8,9 (e.g. Mario Tennis) - CPU: fix tlb_miss reset condition (Banjo Tooie regression) - CPU: detect unimplemented cache command with error flag

README.md, after:


## Hardware Requirements
SDRAM of any size is required.
32Mbyte SDRAM can only be used for games up to 16Mbyte in size.

## Bios
Rename your PIF ROM file (e.g. `pif.ntsc.rom` ) and place it in the `./games/N64/` folder as `boot.rom`

## Video output

Only HDMI supported for now.

## Error messages

If there is a recognized problem, an overlay is displayed, showing which error has occured.
Errors are hex encoded by bits, so the error code can represent more than 1 error.

List of Errors:
- Bit 0 - Memory access to unmapped area
- Bit 1 - CPU Instruction not implemented, currently used for cache command only
- Bit 2 - CPU stall timeout
- Bit 3 - DDR3 timeout    
- Bit 4 - FPU internal exception    
- Bit 5 - PI error
- Bit 6 - critical Exception occured (heuristic, typically games crash when that happens, but can be false positive)
- Bit 7 - PIF used up all 64 bytes for external communication or EEPROM command have unusual length
- Bit 8 - RSP Instruction not implemented
- Bit 9 - RSP stall timeout
- Bit 10 - RDP command not implemented
- Bit 11 - RDP combine mode not implemented
- Bit 12 - RDP combine alpha functionality not implemented
- Bit 13 - SDRAM Mux timeout
- Bit 14 - not implemented texture mode is used
- Bit 15 - not implemented render mode (2 pass or copy) is used
- Bit 16 - RSP read Fifo overflow
- Bit 17 - DDR3 - RSP write Fifo overflow
- Bit 18 - RSP IMEM/DMEM write/read address collision detected
- Bit 19 - One fo the DDR3 requesters wants to write or read outside of RDRAM 
- Bit 20 - RSP DMA wants to write outside of RDRAM 
- Bit 21 - RDP pixel writeback wants to write outside of RDRAM
- Bit 22 - RDP Z writeback wants to write outside of RDRAM
- Bit 23 - RSP PC is modified by register access while RSP runs
- Bit 24 - VI line processing wasn't able to complete in time
- Bit 25 - RDP Mux missed request
- Bit 26 - CPU Writefifo full (should never happen, internal CPU logic bug)
- Bit 27 - TLB access from multiple sources in parallel (should never happen, internal CPU logic bug)
  
## Status

work in progress
